== Welcome to FaaS (Folder as a service)
Copyright: © 1999–2013 Rearden Commerce, Inc. All rights reserved.

Even though Folder as a platform sounds  way cooler I am resisting my temptation to name it folder as a platform. Think of FaaS as Amazon S3 killer ( just kidding).

A live version of this service lives on Heroku.

Access the REST interface through https://blooming-tundra-4394.herokuapp.com

Check API documentation for more details about how to use this service.

== What is it actually?

Pitstop day project commemorating the divinity of folders.

A simple Rails 3.2 app which creates folders and allows you to store anything (read up to 141 characters).

Why 141 characters? Because we are not twitter :).

Think of it as our internal buckets similar to Amazon S3.

It is UI less and only accessible through REST at this point. Yes, the *not* so much exciting json will greets you for some time till I make it UI-ful.

User identification is via API Keys only.

FaaS uses Sqlite3 (dev) and pg(prod) and creates just one table for storing api keys.

All folders are created under

APP_ROOT/folders/


== API Documentation

Method                             Example URL

create api key           ==>     https://blooming-tundra-4394.herokuapp.com/apikey

create folder            ==>     https://blooming-tundra-4394.herokuapp.com/folders/<apikey>/create

list all folders         ==>     https://blooming-tundra-4394.herokuapp.com/folders/<apikey>

store content in folder  ==>     https://blooming-tundra-4394.herokuapp.com/folders/<apikey>/store/<folder_name>/<message>

view content of folder   ==>     TODO 

delete folder            ==>     TODO


== Developer zone

Step 1: Clone from git:

git clone https://github.com/revivo/faas.git
Step 2: Change to faas directory

cd faas
Step 3: Run rails bundler

bundle install
If bundle install fails with sqlite3 error

gem install sqlite3 -v '1.3.7'
bundle install
Step 4: Setup database

rake db:migrate
Step 5: Run server


== Rails 3.2 documentation

The default directory structure of a generated Ruby on Rails application:

  |-- app
  |   |-- assets
  |       |-- images
  |       |-- javascripts
  |       `-- stylesheets
  |   |-- controllers
  |   |-- helpers
  |   |-- mailers
  |   |-- models
  |   `-- views
  |       `-- layouts
  |-- config
  |   |-- environments
  |   |-- initializers
  |   `-- locales
  |-- db
  |-- doc
  |-- lib
  |   `-- tasks
  |-- log
  |-- public
  |-- script
  |-- test
  |   |-- fixtures
  |   |-- functional
  |   |-- integration
  |   |-- performance
  |   `-- unit
  |-- tmp
  |   |-- cache
  |   |-- pids
  |   |-- sessions
  |   `-- sockets
  `-- vendor
      |-- assets
          `-- stylesheets
      `-- plugins

app
  Holds all the code that's specific to this particular application.

app/assets
  Contains subdirectories for images, stylesheets, and JavaScript files.

app/controllers
  Holds controllers that should be named like weblogs_controller.rb for
  automated URL mapping. All controllers should descend from
  ApplicationController which itself descends from ActionController::Base.

app/models
  Holds models that should be named like post.rb. Models descend from
  ActiveRecord::Base by default.

app/views
  Holds the template files for the view that should be named like
  weblogs/index.html.erb for the WeblogsController#index action. All views use
  eRuby syntax by default.

app/views/layouts
  Holds the template files for layouts to be used with views. This models the
  common header/footer method of wrapping views. In your views, define a layout
  using the <tt>layout :default</tt> and create a file named default.html.erb.
  Inside default.html.erb, call <% yield %> to render the view using this
  layout.

app/helpers
  Holds view helpers that should be named like weblogs_helper.rb. These are
  generated for you automatically when using generators for controllers.
  Helpers can be used to wrap functionality for your views into methods.

config
  Configuration files for the Rails environment, the routing map, the database,
  and other dependencies.

db
  Contains the database schema in schema.rb. db/migrate contains all the
  sequence of Migrations for your schema.

doc
  This directory is where your application documentation will be stored when
  generated using <tt>rake doc:app</tt>

lib
  Application specific libraries. Basically, any kind of custom code that
  doesn't belong under controllers, models, or helpers. This directory is in
  the load path.

public
  The directory available for the web server. Also contains the dispatchers and the
  default HTML files. This should be set as the DOCUMENT_ROOT of your web
  server.

script
  Helper scripts for automation and generation.

test
  Unit and functional tests along with fixtures. When using the rails generate
  command, template test files will be generated for you and placed in this
  directory.

vendor
  External libraries that the application depends on. Also includes the plugins
  subdirectory. If the app has frozen rails, those gems also go here, under
  vendor/rails/. This directory is in the load path.
